hey guys it's jake i just wanted to do
another it's not a clan war video but i
wanted to show you guys my clan I used
to be in band of brothers three and i
don't know the most active like five or
six of us left and created our own clan
we wanted to do more Wars and we
actually we got we got tired of having
Town Hall 10 guys that really couldn't
attack so this clan is only townhall 8
and 9 we basically start war one right
after the other we've only I mean we've
been doing this in sunday so we've only
fought two wars so far but uh if you're
interested in you know a lot of war am I
want to check us out we have a pretty
experienced group guess I've got four or
five town hall 9 s and the rest of us
are townhall 8 so you know we're keeping
it small we're not any hurry to grow
quite honestly but we're not going to go
over probably 30 tops so it'll be mostly
Town Hall eights and some you know a few
town hall 9 s but uh anyway I wanted to
let's see first two wars we won
hopefully we'll win this third one but
said that was just kind of a pimp for
the clan the oops my last war I got
crushed bad by a town hall 9 with some
giants so let's check this out i'm
actually going to try a different base
for this next war the war we have today
which is the one you saw at the
beginning on my village so I haven't
ever been attacked from the top with
this base
everybody comes in down here on the Left
where you see that Tesla so I've got to
Teslas and a giant bomb there because
that's typically where they draw the
clan troops to and then you know just
continue their attack from there so you
see this guy dropped all his Giants at
the top left and most of them went into
the top which quite honestly seems like
a really weak point in this base looking
at it now of course he's got the two
heroes which certainly helps but you
know other than the Giants he just used
barbs and archers and you can see he
just got right into the core from the
jump there and everything is just
feeding through there he's got a pecka
on the outside to kind of do some
cleanup but those giants man they just
absolutely worked this base over so this
is the second three-star I've had with
this base the first one was max dragons
which was in episode 1 and ever since
then it was just two stars and one stars
actually I was the only person that got
the restart in this clan war so you see
there's army composition he crushed me
bad so I'm going to try a different base
for this war so it's I don't know it the
videos I've seen on YouTube the title
for this particular loud is usually like
you know ultimate trophy pushing base
blah blah blah this is this is modified
a little bit a guy named chromed Pekka I
changed it up a little bit so I used his
layout and then I changed it a little
bit more to kind of suit my own tastes I
am NOT excuse me I'm not crazy about
having centralized air just for my daily
driver village so I chose to expose the
air defenses a little more and keep
those two mortars in the middle the clan
castle is relatively centralized bouta
centralizes I think you can get it and
keep the integrity of this layout but
you'll see I've moved the stuff down
here at the bottom moved it out just to
the edge so that the clan troops don't
get drawn out needlessly and I put my
Tesla's right at the edge of the clan
castle radius so that the you know hogs
are giants in it in most cases would go
for those first and then your clan
troops actually get a few shots on them
before they just get dusted so it kind
of dolls the attacker for a little bit
not too much time but obviously when
you're dealing with Giants time is your
friend since they're so slow I'm a
little bit hit once since i made this
out i made this this morning I didn't
make it I adjusted the original layout
this morning guy used what did he use
let me let me see um we'll just watch it
is my clan more video but i just want to
show you guys an attack on this because
like i said i am going to use this for
my war base so you see the giant took a
second there and then he dropped the
lightning on the troops and he didn't
actually kill all of them they didn't do
a lot a lot of damage a couple of
wizards there it you know this wasn't an
all-out giant attack I guess per se so
could have been worse but uh I guess I
mean like I like the layout I've used
you know this similar design this I
don't know whatever you call this what I
there's no name for this base that I
know of but anyway I've used this before
and I've actually dropped down some and
cups I got up around I was getting up
around 2,300 again and the crystal one
guys were just crushing me for you know
15 cups because they're so close to
master obviously I get it but I mean I
was carrying you know next to nothing
for gold I mean like this guy here you
know he's got what 56,000 gold you know
off of me so I don't maybe this was
maybe this was a practice attack for
this guy or something but getting hit 4
cups and me in this case it was fine
so maybe he thought he was going to take
me out completely any rate so you see
there 10 max Giants and the rest of
mainly just bartsch troops a couple
spells luckily he had no heroes i'm
pretty sure if he would have had his
archer queen then this would have been a
two star but i'm going to try it more
anyway and see how it does it's
obviously you know there's no invincible
base like I always say so that's it for
this episode I will hopefully have some
replays of this base over the next
couple of wars to show you guys and I
guess that'll be episode 6 so again my
clan is easy 3 stars with a Z if you're
interested in joining you know putting
the join requests and just say you saw
it on my youtube channel we'd love to
have a few more members we do we do a
purge after every war so people that get
zero stars got to go you know we want to
win wars so if you're good at war and
you like war you're more than welcome to
come join no that's it guys thanks take
it easy